Devx1352 new GitHub diagram (#27)
bcgov/bcdg: docs/use-github-in-bcgov/github-enterprise-user-licenses-bc-government.md

## Background: BC government GitHub Enterprise process map

> Our team has created the artifact below which captures the steps and teams involved in acquiring and mananaging GitHub Enterprise licenses. This version is intended for reference only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Developer Experience Team](developer.experience@gov.bc.ca) has created the artifact below which captures the steps and teams involved in acquiring and mananaging GitHub Enterprise licenses. This version is intended for reference only.
```

Reviewer: Maybe put in our team name, so people who skim the page aren't wondering who "our team" is.

> Our team has created the artifact below which captures the steps and teams involved in acquiring and mananaging GitHub Enterprise licenses. This version is intended for reference only, but we intend to create simplified, more focused versions for both end users and administrators.  

Reviewer 2: recommend removing " but we intend to create simplified, more focused versions for both end users and administrators.  " and make a ticket for this work instead of putting it in docs... :)
